README.md, before:

yale-opensearch-extensions
==========================

Some search extensions for Yale-specific searching, made for OpenSearch (Fx/IE/Cr)

These were done with very little experience using OpenSearch, so there may be glaring inefficiencies or inelegancies about them. Please help improve them.


Add to Chrome
-------------

1. Paste the appropriate line below in your address bar, then type `javascript:` in front of it (Chrome strips out that part when you paste), then press enter.
1. In the popup, it's recommended to set a keyword


Add to Firefox
--------------

1. Open the Web Console (Tools => Web Developer => Web Console)
1. Paste the line in, press enter


Extension Installation Lines
-------

Yale Directory by Name
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-directory-name.xml');`

Yale Directory by NetID
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-directory.xml')`

Yale ITS Orgchart
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-its-orgchart.xml')`

Yale Library Eli Scholar
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-library-eli-scholar.xml')`

Yale Service Now Global
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-service-now-global.xml')`

Yale University New Orbis
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-university-new-orbis.xml')`

Yale Global
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale.xml')`

YUFind
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yufind.xml')`

Commit message:

Updating to conform to search plugin changes

README.md, after:

yale-opensearch-extensions
==========================

Some search extensions for Yale-specific searching, made for OpenSearch (Fx/IE/Cr)

These were done with very little experience using OpenSearch, so there may be glaring inefficiencies or inelegancies about them. Please help improve them.


Add to Chrome
-------------

1. Paste the appropriate line below in your address bar, then type `javascript:` in front of it (Chrome strips out that part when you paste), then press enter.
1. In the popup, it's recommended to set a keyword


Add to Firefox
--------------

1. Open the Web Console (Tools => Web Developer => Web Console)
1. Paste the line in, press enter


Extension Installation Lines
-------

Yale Directory by Name
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-directory-name.xml');`

Yale Directory by NetID
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-directory.xml')`

Yale ITS Orgchart
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-its-orgchart.xml')`

Yale Library Eli Scholar
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-library-eli-scholar.xml')`

Yale Service Now Global
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-service-now-global.xml')`

_Yale University Library New Orbis: New Orbis is now just Orbis, I believe. Leaving the plugin, but it's outdated._
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-university-new-orbis.xml')`

Yale Global
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale.xml')`

_YUFind has been abandoned or at the least severely deprecated as a search interface for Yale University Library, so I've pulled the search extension._

Yale University Library Quicksearch _However, this is the new search thing, and it's pretty darn good._
`javascript:window.external.AddSearchProvider('https://raw.github.com/triplingual/yale-opensearch-extensions/master/yale-university-quicksearch.xml')`
